remember now your Creator in the days of
remember now your Creator in the days of your youth before the difficult days
your youth before the difficult days
your youth before the difficult days come and the years draw near when you
come and the years draw near when you
come and the years draw near when you say I have no pleasure in them while the
say I have no pleasure in them while the
say I have no pleasure in them while the Sun and the light the moon and the stars
Sun and the light the moon and the stars
Sun and the light the moon and the stars are not darkened and the clouds do not
are not darkened and the clouds do not
are not darkened and the clouds do not return after the rain in the day when
return after the rain in the day when
return after the rain in the day when the keepers of a house tremble and the
the keepers of a house tremble and the
the keepers of a house tremble and the strong men bow down when the grinder
strong men bow down when the grinder
strong men bow down when the grinder cease because they are few and those
cease because they are few and those
cease because they are few and those that look through the windows grow dim
that look through the windows grow dim
that look through the windows grow dim when the doors are shut in the streets
when the doors are shut in the streets
when the doors are shut in the streets and the sound of grinding is low when
and the sound of grinding is low when
and the sound of grinding is low when one rises up at the sound of a bird and
one rises up at the sound of a bird and
one rises up at the sound of a bird and all the daughters of music are brought
all the daughters of music are brought
all the daughters of music are brought low also they are afraid of height and
low also they are afraid of height and
low also they are afraid of height and of terrors in the way when the Armin
of terrors in the way when the Armin
of terrors in the way when the Armin tree blossoms and the grasshopper is a
tree blossoms and the grasshopper is a
tree blossoms and the grasshopper is a burden and desire fails for man goes to
burden and desire fails for man goes to
burden and desire fails for man goes to his eternal home and the mourners go
his eternal home and the mourners go
his eternal home and the mourners go about the streets remember your Creator
about the streets remember your Creator
about the streets remember your Creator before the silver cord is loosed or the
before the silver cord is loosed or the
before the silver cord is loosed or the golden bowl is broken or the pitcher
golden bowl is broken or the pitcher
golden bowl is broken or the pitcher shattered at the fountain or the wheel
shattered at the fountain or the wheel
shattered at the fountain or the wheel broken at the well then the dust will
broken at the well then the dust will
broken at the well then the dust will return to the earth as it was and the
return to the earth as it was and the
return to the earth as it was and the Spirit will return to God who gave it
vanity of vanities says the preacher all
vanity of vanities says the preacher all is vanity and moreover because the
is vanity and moreover because the
is vanity and moreover because the preacher was why's he still taught the
preacher was why's he still taught the
preacher was why's he still taught the people knowledge yes he pondered and
people knowledge yes he pondered and
people knowledge yes he pondered and sought out and set in order many
sought out and set in order many
sought out and set in order many proverbs the preacher sought to find
proverbs the preacher sought to find
proverbs the preacher sought to find acceptable words and what was written
acceptable words and what was written
acceptable words and what was written was upright words of truth the words of
was upright words of truth the words of
was upright words of truth the words of the wise are like goals and the words of
the wise are like goals and the words of
the wise are like goals and the words of scholars are like world driven nails
scholars are like world driven nails
scholars are like world driven nails given by one Shepherd and further my son
given by one Shepherd and further my son
given by one Shepherd and further my son be admonished by these of making many
be admonished by these of making many
be admonished by these of making many books there is no end and much study is
books there is no end and much study is
books there is no end and much study is wearisome to the flesh let us hear the
wearisome to the flesh let us hear the
wearisome to the flesh let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter fear God
conclusion of the whole matter fear God
conclusion of the whole matter fear God and keep his Commandments for this is
and keep his Commandments for this is
and keep his Commandments for this is man's all for God will bring every work
man's all for God will bring every work
man's all for God will bring every work into judgment including every secret
into judgment including every secret
into judgment including every secret thing whether good or evil